README.md, before:

# Covid – Charts

## About

Project in Python that displays the statistics and graphs of the coronavirus for the countries and worldwide. 
I used the pandas, matplotlib and seaborn library to show data.
In this project you can download the latest data from https://www.ecdc.europa.eu and check the statistics and graphs about:
+ Total number of cases and deaths worldwide and in selected countries,
+ 5 countries with the highest number of cases and deaths in the world,
+ 10 random countries with total number of cases and deaths over months,
+ 5 countries with the highest death / case rates in the world,
+ Total number of cases and deaths in months in the world and in selected countries,
+ The total number of cases and deaths in the selected countries in the last 14 days.

Testing.ipynb - I use Jupyter for data manipulation and analysis and to create charts.

## Project setup
Before start the project, you must install libraries for Python. Open Windows Command Line and type:
```sh
pip install pandas 
pip install matplotlib 
pip install seaborn 
pip install requests
```

## Data
Data is from [European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en)

## Clone
To clone repository, open Windows Command Line and navigate to directory, where you would like to download and type:
```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/Remek953/Covid19---Charts.git
```

Commit message:

Add requirements, update README” -m “Change variable days_14 in last_14_days function

README.md, after:

# Covid – Charts

## About

Project in Python that displays the statistics and graphs of the coronavirus for the countries and worldwide. 
I used the pandas, matplotlib and seaborn library to show data.
In this project you can download the latest data from https://www.ecdc.europa.eu and check the statistics and graphs about:
+ Total number of cases and deaths worldwide and in selected countries,
+ 5 countries with the highest number of cases and deaths in the world,
+ 10 random countries with total number of cases and deaths over months,
+ 5 countries with the highest death / case rates in the world,
+ Total number of cases and deaths in months in the world and in selected countries,
+ The total number of cases and deaths in the selected countries in the last 14 days.

Testing.ipynb - I use Jupyter for data manipulation and analysis and to create charts.

## Project setup
Before start the project, you must install libraries for Python. Open Windows Command Line and type:
```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

After installation the necessary libraries, type in the Windows Command Line:
```sh
python Main.py
``` 

## Data
Data is from [European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control](https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en)

## Clone
To clone repository, open Windows Command Line and navigate to directory, where you would like to download and type:
```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/Remek953/Covid19---Charts.git
```
